Hey what's up.
This is Jason with Dave dot com.
And in this video we're going to answer the question Where should you start as a beginner web developer.
Well there are three basic concepts to web development.
H.M. C Ss and Javascript.
Now first you're going to start with.
H l h g mail is as basic as it gets.
It's what provides all the structure and the layout of a Web site.
It's how you place different elements around the page.
Think of HMO as the skeleton of our body our skeletons give us a basic structure or skeleton's structure
how our arms our legs our joints and the other building blocks of our bodies are laid out.
This will give you your first look under the hood so you can understand how websites are built.
Next you're going to want to learn see assess.
Now this is really cool because you're going to be able to take two concepts smell and see assess and
you're going to learn how to get them to work together.
All right hand-in-hand so you can think of success as like the skin that goes over the skeleton right
all the way down to the details like the skin color eye color hair color dimples freckles all those
things.
That is the design side of success.
So you've got your HMO and you've got your skeleton then you're going to make it look pretty we'll see.
All right it's what gives the personality and the design and the are to website after you've learned
the basics of smell and see assess you're then going to want to learn the basic core fundamentals of
javascript.
Things like variable strings numbers operators arrays objects things like that.
Now javascript is like the brains of a Web site.
It's what allows a Web site to think allows users to interact and use different type of features on
a Web site.
You can think of javascript like the innards of your body like the heart the lungs your stomach your
kidneys all those things that allow your body to function.
Javascript will do the same thing for a website.
These are the three basic concepts of web development that you should learn first.
H M L C S S and Javascript.
After you learn this you'll have a good basic understanding of web development and you can start exploring
other javascript frameworks like angular and re-act for example and start going ham on smell and see
SS.